README.md, before:

# calculator_app

Calculator - [Caster.IO](https://caster.io) project to showcase testing techniques

## Class / Branch

[Lesson 1: What is the difference between unit testing, widget testing, and integration testing?](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-1-what-is-the-difference-between-unit-testing-widget-testing-and-integration-testing) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson1)

[Lesson 2: Writing your first unit test](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-2-writing-your-first-unit-test) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson2)

[Lesson 3: Running your tests from the terminal](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-3-running-your-tests-from-the-terminal) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson3)

[Lesson 4: The structure of a good test](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-4-the-structure-of-a-good-test) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson4)

[Lesson 5: Using expect() in your tests](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-5-using-expect-in-your-tests) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson5)

[Lesson 6: All you need to know about Matchers](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-6-all-you-need-to-know-about-matchers) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson6)

[Lesson 7: Grouping your tests using the group() function](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-7-grouping-your-tests-using-the-group-function) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson7)

[Lesson 8: Testing code that throws an Error or an Exception](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-8-testing-code-that-throws-an-error-or-an-exception) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson8)

[Lesson 9: Sharing code between tests with setUp() and tearDown()](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-9-sharing-code-between-tests-with-setup-and-teardown) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson9)

[Lesson 10: Testing Futures](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-10-testing-futures) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson10)

[Lesson 11: Testing Streams](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-11-testing-streams) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson11)

[Lesson 12: Writing your first widget test](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-12-writing-your-first-widget-test) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson12)

[Lesson 13: The difference between pumpWidget(), pump() and pumpAndSettle()](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-13-the-difference-between-pumpwidget-pump-and-pumpandsettle) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson13)

[Lesson 14: Finding a widget in your widget tree using CommonFinders](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-14-finding-a-widget-in-your-widget-tree-using-commonfinders) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson14)

[Lesson 15: Interacting with your widgets using WidgetTester](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-15-interacting-with-your-widgets-using-widgettester) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson15)

[Lesson 16: Verifying your widget tests using a Matcher from flutter_test](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-16-verifying-your-widget-tests-using-a-matcher-from-flutter_test) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson16)

[Lesson 17: Testing smaller widgets in isolation](https://caster.io/lessons/-lesson-17-testing-smaller-widgets-in-isolation) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson17)

## License

```
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 Samuel Matias

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```

Commit message:

feat(test): Controlling the behavior of your dependencies using mockito

README.md, after:

# calculator_app

Calculator - [Caster.IO](https://caster.io) project to showcase testing techniques

## Class / Branch

[Lesson 1: What is the difference between unit testing, widget testing, and integration testing?](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-1-what-is-the-difference-between-unit-testing-widget-testing-and-integration-testing) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson1)

[Lesson 2: Writing your first unit test](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-2-writing-your-first-unit-test) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson2)

[Lesson 3: Running your tests from the terminal](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-3-running-your-tests-from-the-terminal) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson3)

[Lesson 4: The structure of a good test](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-4-the-structure-of-a-good-test) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson4)

[Lesson 5: Using expect() in your tests](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-5-using-expect-in-your-tests) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson5)

[Lesson 6: All you need to know about Matchers](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-6-all-you-need-to-know-about-matchers) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson6)

[Lesson 7: Grouping your tests using the group() function](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-7-grouping-your-tests-using-the-group-function) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson7)

[Lesson 8: Testing code that throws an Error or an Exception](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-8-testing-code-that-throws-an-error-or-an-exception) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson8)

[Lesson 9: Sharing code between tests with setUp() and tearDown()](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-9-sharing-code-between-tests-with-setup-and-teardown) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson9)

[Lesson 10: Testing Futures](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-10-testing-futures) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson10)

[Lesson 11: Testing Streams](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-11-testing-streams) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson11)

[Lesson 12: Writing your first widget test](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-12-writing-your-first-widget-test) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson12)

[Lesson 13: The difference between pumpWidget(), pump() and pumpAndSettle()](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-13-the-difference-between-pumpwidget-pump-and-pumpandsettle) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson13)

[Lesson 14: Finding a widget in your widget tree using CommonFinders](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-14-finding-a-widget-in-your-widget-tree-using-commonfinders) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson14)

[Lesson 15: Interacting with your widgets using WidgetTester](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-15-interacting-with-your-widgets-using-widgettester) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson15)

[Lesson 16: Verifying your widget tests using a Matcher from flutter_test](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-16-verifying-your-widget-tests-using-a-matcher-from-flutter_test) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson16)

[Lesson 17: Testing smaller widgets in isolation](https://caster.io/lessons/-lesson-17-testing-smaller-widgets-in-isolation) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson17)

[Lesson 18: Controlling the behavior of your dependencies using mockito](https://caster.io/lessons/lesson-18-controlling-the-behavior-of-your-dependencies-using-mockito) 👉🏾 [Branch](https://github.com/samuelematias/calculator_app/tree/lesson18)

## License

```
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 Samuel Matias

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```
